exportToPrimaveraP6
=============


@todo:
	check the autogenerated stub

@short:
	exports data from the Gantt chart to Primavera P6 

@params:
* export		object		optional, an object with export settings (see the details)




@example:
gantt.exportToPrimaveraP6({
    name:'custom.xml'
});

@template:	api_method

@descr:

{{note This method is defined in the **export** extension, so you need to include it on the page:
~~~html
<script src="https://export.dhtmlx.com/gantt/api.js"></script>  
~~~
Read the details in the [Export and Import from Primavera P6](desktop/export_primavera.md#exporttoprimaverap6) article.
}}


The **exportToPrimaveraP6()** method takes as a parameter an object with a number of properties (all of the properties are optional):

- **name** - (*string*) the name of the obtained file ('gantt.xml' by default).
- **auto_scheduling** - (boolean) indicates the scheduling mode for tasks in the exported project. **true** will mark tasks as auto scheduled, **false** will mark tasks as manually scheduled (the default state).
- **skip_circular_links** - (boolean) indicates whether the circular links will be removed or not (true - will be removed (the default mode), false - will not be removed).
- **project** - (object) allows setting custom properties to the exported project entity.
- **tasks** - (object) allows setting custom properties to the exported task items.
- **data** - (object) allows setting a custom data source that will be presented in the output Gantt chart. It is expected that the **start_date** and **end_date** properties will be specified in the format which includes both the date and time (*%d-%m-%Y %H:%i*).
- **callback** - (function) if you want to receive an url to download a generated XML, the *callback* property can be used. It receives a JSON object with the *url* property.
- **resources** - (array) allows exporting the list of resources into a Primavera P6 file.
- **server** - (string) the API endpoint for the request. Can be used with the local install of the export service. The default value is **https://export.dhtmlx.com/gantt**.

### Response

The response will contain a JSON of the following structure:

~~~js
{
   data: {},
   config: {},
   resources: [],
   worktime: {}
}
~~~

- **data** - a gantt [data object](desktop/supported_data_formats.md#json). Each task has the following properties: *id*, *open*, *parent*, *progress*, *start_date*, *text*, *resource*. 
Dates are stringified in the "%Y-%m-%d %H:%i" format.
- **config** - a gantt [configuration](api/refs/gantt_props.md) object with settings retrieved from the project file.
- **resources** - an array of objects (each having the following properties: {*id: string, name:string, type:string*}) that represent the list of resources from the project file.
- **worktime** - an object containing the working time settings from the project calendar.

@related:
desktop/export_primavera.md#exporttoprimaverap6

@relatedapi:
api/gantt_importfromprimaverap6.md
api/gantt_exporttomsproject.md
api/gantt_exporttoexcel.md
api/gantt_exporttoical.md
api/gantt_exporttopdf.md
api/gantt_exporttopng.md
api/gantt_exporttojson.md
api/gantt_importfromexcel.md
api/gantt_importfrommsproject.md

@relatedsample:
08_api/08_export_other.html
